from downtown ish, Los Angeles ish, from MacArthur Park and the prestigious stabbing
district, Harmontown is now in session. Let's welcome Spencer Crittenden in the stage.
So thin, so live, only three episodes until you just absolutely evaporate and disappear.
That's what everybody wants. I love your little sexy desk. Just for good measure, let's bring
out the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon. Thank you.
God damn it. The text don't go out. Oh, rap, rap, rap. I'm gonna rap about it.
Rap, rap, rap, rap, rap south and rap to the east. I'm gonna rap to your mama's
city. That's the feast that love. Put some gravy on it. All right, you know our deal that we made.
If it's not going, if it's not working, we stop. I think you came out not really feeling the rap
like before this, before it happened. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. Here's some other things that came out
not feeling. Humanity, like life. I don't care, you know, like I'm fine, but I don't, yeah,
I'm not, I'm not particularly connected to the brotherhood of man this week. I'm not like
rooting for anybody. Rob Schrab has taken the stage and sat down, just staring at Dan. Rob Schrab, an unheralded Rob Schrab came out. Hello, Rob, how you doing? Hi, Jeff. Are you feeling humanity right now, Rob? Am I feeling humanity? Dan said he wasn't feeling humanity.
Especially not the brotherhood of humanity, which is good because that's a very dangerous cult. You should not worry about them. I don't think I am feeling
the brotherhood of humanity. I'm being very isolated lately. It seems like Jeff didn't get what he was instigating. Jeff, do you want to try to
re-instigate something? Rob didn't respond to that. What I just found out is that you guys both aren't feeling it right now. So that you guys are at Sympaticale. Yeah. What's the worst thing that you saw this week that made you think the best thing you could do is hide from everyone?
What was the worst thing? Yeah, what's the thing? What's an event or something? Well, I got to tell you, this Kavanaugh shit is really bumming me out. I mean, this is where we're at, people. No, I was watching Vine compilations on YouTube and I got really sad.
Because Vine's gone? Yeah, I like Vine. Vine was fun. It was good. There were some very, very, very funny things. I know you and I had our disagreements as to when and where it should be listened to.
Yeah, you shouldn't play Vine in a fancy restaurant. No, even if everyone in the room is enjoying it. Everyone at the table. Everyone at the table. Obviously, everyone at the restaurant can't enjoy you playing Vine. That's not, like maybe in a Vine commercial, like, oh, what's going on over there?
It's like a Milton Bradley commercial for Vine where, oh, the chef comes out. I was trying to make food, but if someone's playing a Vine at top volume, I'll stop making the food. Well, I was hungry, but I'd rather eat this Vine.
So what's the burr in your boot, Harmon? Like, is there anything in particular? I think it was like, like, I had a great week, or a great, what are we talking about? Yeah, I was like, I guess we're going, like, since the last time I saw everybody. Like, it's been great.
What are you doing? You get a fart? Why did you put the microphone in your ass?
What were you, no. You're talking. Why would I interrupt you? Please continue. It's just insane to me. What are you doing?
I'm not doing anything. Why are you so against humanity?
What are you doing?
I'm listening to my friend talk on his show.
You're putting the microphone under your ass.
I would have to have something in the chamber to do that, and I'm telling you as a friend, I don't. Please continue with your story.
He's not saying you were farting into the mic, but we both heard you drag the microphone up your butt.
We all saw it with our eyes.
I can't help that.
I don't know where I went sour. I think it was relatively recently. I can work backwards from here and go.
Actually, I got really sour just now backstage because I was scrolling through Instagram, and I followed Mark Hamill on Instagram.
He's the best. He should be on the show.
We should have him on the show.
I would love to have him on the show.
He's unapologetically, look, I don't think Mark Hamill is out there asking how am I driving in terms of how he's handling being famous.
Obviously, I'm projecting a lot to the guy, but I see him as a guy who has passed a couple of return thresholds into, yes, I'll say it, a return of a kind of Jedi,
where he's like, I got my robot hand, and I don't fucking care.
I'm throwing down my lightsaber, which to a lot of people means picking one up, but fuck them.
He's like, yeah, I'm liberal, and I fucking don't like the president.
You're following Mark Hamill, not Luke Skywalker on fucking Instagram.
I got it. It's like a magnet. Negative stuff is sticky. I want to look through his, because if I see Mark Hamill, he'll Instagram something that's just unapologetically left.
He's liberal. I don't like this trunk fella.
Then it'll say like 6,000 comments, and I'm like, this probably isn't 6,000 people saying, and may the force also be with you.
I know what it's going to be, and I just have to click on it, and I'm just like, I hate, I hate, I hate everyone.
I just hate, I hate reality. I hate this fucking like, it's just stupid, just dumb people. Like, why, who cares if you really...
Is he doing the butt?
He was.
He was putting the microphone under his ass.
No, I'm not. I'm not. I was...
What are you lying? You're lying to people.
What am I lying? I was listening.
There's 63 people out here.
That can see you sticking a mic under your ass.
Oh, yeah. Yeah, you got busted. You're putting the mic on your butt, and you're doing a microphone butt wipe, and he's talking about Mark Hamill.
Okay, well, we'll never know.
That's not what we agreed to.
He's doing a thing.
Yeah, so anyways, it just made me grumpy. I scrolled through it, and I'm just like, it just toxifies.
I'm just like, ah, God, people are fucking dumb. I just don't like, I don't like people. But it's not, those aren't people.
It's like looking at a fish tank at the zoo. You're like, you're not seeing the fish.
You're not seeing people? Those are fish.
It's like you're seeing people, you're seeing a sample of humanity that were driven to comment on an Instagram of a guy that played Luke Skywalker.
I don't know why I would choose to do that.
What did you do? Did you successfully...
How do we know when you've done what you wanted to do?
It depends how the fart sounds.
I think you think it's going to sound like a fart, and you think a fart is going to be louder than you continually sliding a microphone along fabric.
It's going to be, you know, this episode.
Spencer, are you on my side?
I'm on the world side.
But not humanity's side.
Are there fish at the zoo, or do you have to go to the aquarium?
There's so many fish. It's not a focus, but they're there.
They don't stay because the water keeps going through the bars.
They have to keep free-filling the cages.
They're still trying to figure that out.
God damn it, why aren't these fish comfortable in captivity?
The monkeys are playing ball. What the fuck, fish?
Every zookeeper keeps ordering a cage on Amazon.
And the description with iPhone products is just like...
Giraffes, hippos, fish, snakes.
Fits all models.
In case you're searching for anything, you type snake cage, and they're like,
here's a cage, works for snakes. You can fit a snake in there.
The snake comes out, bites you.
I didn't say it worked.
The aquarium house...
It is a snake cage.
The Milwaukee public zoo was my favorite.
Milwaukee had a relatively good zoo for the size of the city.
They called it the aquarium house?
I don't know. A fish house? I don't know.
You said the aquarium house.
They probably didn't call it that.
They called it the aquarium.
Which probably includes a Latin suffix for house.
Eum probably means house.
It's an aquarium house.
Opera house.
You're describing an operarium.
What?
I miss when Rob was using the microphone to make butt sounds.
It'll happen again.
So did you fart?
No, not. You would have.
I'm just asking.
I'm getting comfortable. I'm enjoying myself on the show.
I think you're funnier and less comfortable chairs.
Now that we've got you these comfy chairs, you're too relaxed.
I think you're used to dates.
Talk about what we talked about when you brought up before the show.
You want to address that?
Your anxieties?
Sure. Yeah.
You feel like you've been listening to the show.
I'm bored with my own shit.
I feel like all I do is come out here and complain.
My voice gets to that register that nobody likes.
I feel like I've got to switch it up a bit.
That's why I came out up earlier.
Dude, you're misinterpreting.
That is not me.
I was just stretching.
I love the idea that you sincerely were like,
yeah, I'm tired of this shit.
I'm going to change it up.
You changing it up in your eyes is farting into the microphone.
I didn't, though.
As long as I'm not cranky.
No, I posted a picture of Tom Kenny and myself from back in the comedy sports days.
I think it was like 1993.
1991. No, it was before Skud.
1991 before Skud.
It was a great day.
That was the day Tom Kenny gave me this amazing advice about comedy and writing.
No one comes up to me and he goes,
this is you?
I was like, yeah, do I look that much different?
This guy's smiling.
He's got so much hope in his eyes.
Really? Is that what I'm projecting?
And I guess I am. I'm projecting this hopeless, depressed, sad, angry, pissy, pissy.
Okay.
All right. Okay.
I don't want that to be me.
Well, don't you...
I would interpret that as...
I love that song, by the way.
I would interpret that as like Nolan's living in the Shire.
And he's like, oh, I love it when Gandalf comes to visit.
And if you asked the Shire to fill out a survey,
don't you think it would come back?
On the Shire news today,
90% of hobbits feel like Gandalf should smile more.
Well, of course they're going to say that.
But I feel like I'm always smiling.
Well, no, it's the fuck how Gandalf...
Gandalf is happy the way he is,
and it's like, you don't want to go to the Shire for how you should be a wizard.
Here's the thing.
Nolan was just saying, like, I can't believe you've become a life master.
You have so much power. You could turn a pine cone into a fireball.
Right.
This guy that fights a ball rock and says, you shall not pass.
It's crazy that you were once a kid.
You made the dawn come early, so things turn into stone.
I get it. I know. I'm pretty cool.
Did he make it come early? Was he doing it?
I was looking at that part of the book as he was just waiting.
He just stalled them and then the sun came up.
I don't think he made the sun move faster,
because that would screw up everybody in China.
They would be going, what the hell's going on?
Middle China.
What?
I just put the kids to bed.
The kids are going to school.
Now, I think he probably slowed time.
Slowed it?
What?
Or sped it up.
So you think he moved the sun?
No.
I think the perception of the, let's get this straight.
We've got to figure this out.
I truly believe that that story was just stalling them.
He's like, you shouldn't eat them. You should hang out.
And then he cracked a rock that revealed the sun was there.
Maybe he did that.
My theory is that in Spencer, don't go anywhere.
What's he the lord of?
You know what I'm saying?
Beards?
Not the rings.
The better title, and we don't have to edit much.
The better title, we don't have to edit much.
Lords of the ring.
That's perfect.
Send it out.
We fixed it and didn't have to waste any ink.
It's the other rings.
Even though you acknowledge that they exist,
they don't really play a prominent part.
They don't do anything.
It should also be called jaw.
I see both jaws.
You see two of them.
They make it seem like there's a million jaws.
There's an upper and lower jaw.
Bad example.
I thought I had them for a second.
They should call it Star War.
That's fair.
Okay, all right.
Episode one instead of Brandon.
Stars War.
Because there's multiple stars.
There's one war.
Stars War.
I like this exercise.
They should call it
the horror at a specific house in Amityville.
Right.
Because who are we kidding?
I bet that place was a great place to have brunch.
They should also call them
Mission Possible.
All right.
This is great, guys.
This guy keeps nailing it all the time.
They should call it
Meaningful Woman.
Oh, pretty woman.
Sorry.
Valuable Woman.
That was the story.
They should call it Woman Who Shouldn't Be.
She means more than just her...
Human Woman.
Yeah.
Human Woman, they should call it.
Human Woman.
Walking down the street.
Richard Garrett likes your feet.
Yeah.
Her existence does not exclude
non-binary people.
You're a foot guy. You're into foot.
You like the foot. You like feet.
Of course. You like feet.
Just jerk out the feet and feed videos and stuff.
I don't get it.
That's the Dead Harmon Foot stab.
So you like jerking off on feet.
Okay.
Would you jerk off on the feet?
I don't know. Nine years from now,
will that be terrible?
Probably.
Okay, well, then I better not.
Feet have rights.
You hate it.
I'm just here doing a show
until I fucking die.
Yes, go on. What's your point
about feet?
I'm happy for you.
Okay.
No, no, no, no.
Okay, so let's get back to the Hobbit thing.
So they're trolls or goblins?
Hobbits?
No, when they
when they turn to stone,
those are trolls.
They're trolls because they might be ogres.
Some like turns trolls to
stone, right?
I remember those being trolls.
Those are trolls.
Why did the sun come
so soon?
I wasn't paying attention to it.
I think what Gandalf did was
he put a spell
on him to make them think
that there was more time
than they thought. Called Pad.
Like he did like a technique
that Penn and Teller did.
Speed time?
Mindfog.
Fascination.
Okay.
All right.
Their feet turned to stone?
Their whole things.
Oh, not just their feet.
They should call it face on.
Yeah.
Faces on.
Oh, yeah, because they put faces on.
There's hardly any of that movie
spent with face off.
No.
Most of that movie is faces on.
Wrong faces on.
They should call it face swap.
Faces swap.
I really hate to interrupt you,
and I mean that sincerely.
I usually love interrupting you,
but I hate interrupting you
because I'm turning over a new link.
I hate interrupting you, so I'm going to interrupt you anyway.
Okay.
Raiders of the Lost Ark.
Nazis go,
we want to get
the Ark of the Covenant
as whoever owns the Ark
wins the war.
Okay, so the Ark of the Covenant.
A Jewish...
Yeah.
Let's get the box of Jew power.
And like, does anybody go...
Okay, so we believe
that this Jewish artifact
is super powerful
and it's got a direct link
to Jesus Christ
not even Jesus.
Fucking Yahweh.
Okay, maybe we're on the wrong side.
Yeah, like...
Maybe the Jews
who we're going to steal
their Death Star in a box
have got...
are onto something.
Maybe they...
they... we are admitting
that it's just God.
He's not going to read the room
when you open this thing.
There's one guy in that movie
that comes up to the guy,
he's uncomfortable with this
Jewish ritual.
And the guy's like, yeah, whatever.
Like, come on, we're going to...
This is going to be great.
You're uncomfortable with it
because it's going to work really good
and we're going to win the war
because of Jew magic.
And you're...
They should have called the movie
Jew magic.
Like, yeah.
But here's the...
Wait a minute, wait a minute.
So we're...
We're going out of our way.
We've got a special task for us.
We've got one guy
that's going to track down Mary
and we've got the fucking... the thing
that's going to put it on the other thing
and then we'll know where the thing is
and that thing is going to make us win the war
because it's super powerful
because it's connected to God.
Wait a minute, God? The God?
Yes, God. How?
They're Jewish. The Hebrews are on to something.
They're on to something. What? Religion.
They're religion? We don't have a religion.
Maybe we should get a religion. What are you crazy?
Maybe we should just join forces with them.
Why are we doing this?
God kind of likes them.
Why are we killing everybody?
What?
Hitler doesn't like that kind of talk.
He just wants us to look at...
We just got to feed the beast.
This is thousands of years ago.
We did the biplane
and we did the Messerschmitt
and the apple pie kuchen
and stuff. What are we doing here?
That's all we got. We got the kuchen,
the tank and the Messerschmitt
and they've got a box
with Moses' bones in there
that'll shoot a laser
and melt everybody
and we're saying that they're rat people
and they should be destroyed.
It doesn't make any sense. What are we doing here?
What's pointed at ourselves?
Also, you can't put a rock inside
of a tank and it blows the tank up.
It'll just shoot the rock out.
Remember when they put the fucking rock in there?
Wait, who put a rock? Is that the third one?
Somebody runs alongside?
That's the third one, right?
One more Indiana Jones...
One more Raiders note.
Bellach, arg.
What the fuck?
Dr. Jones, I am your shadow self.
Oh, this watch.
If you bury it, it becomes valuable.
God doesn't exist. I'm the shadow you cast
with your atheism. I'm Bellach.
I'm the evil version of you.
I'm a cautionary tale. I hold nothing sacred.
I'm the guy that didn't give a fuck
about the idol. I just want to keep it
so I'm able to speak the language
that the natives speak and so you,
who are going to put it in a museum, have to run from them.
How ironic. I'm the smarmy guy
that knows the shit, knows how to play the game
but I don't believe in God.
Either do you. You're just an academic.
You work in a museum and then it's like they sit down
and he's like, hey, isn't it great?
We're both atheists. We both give
two shits about people's culture
and what the fuck. But Bellach
is the guy who's just like, I can't
wait and I don't care if Hitler.
Hitler can take a flying fuck.
He just emerges as this weird
like, he's like, fuck you guys.
I believe in God. I'm going to put on this
Pope hat and I'm going to open this thing
and the Nazis are like, I just
thought of this. He's like, go fuck yourself. Open it.
Like, where did that,
where was that Bellach
when he was closing the well? I was like, hey, Bellach
you believe in God. Don't seal me in here. Fuck you.
He really
thought. I mean, he put on the outfit.
They've got the cameras running.
They're like going,
something's going to happen. What was Bellach
hoping would happen? I know the Nazis hoped
that God's ghost
would come out and go
boo.
And they'd go boo for Jews
and that God would be like, hey
you opened the box. I'm like
a genie, genie rules.
And they'd be like, good
Heil Hitler and the God would be like, Heil
who?
Okay, whatever you say, just give me more ghost
snacks.
And it tracks with Nazis
They should have called the movie ghost snacks.
But
Bellach was like, it's just
weird that like, he's got the
bazooka, Indiana Jones is like, I'm going to blow
it up and Bellach's like, go ahead
blow it up. You know you want to open
this box as bad as I do.
I never really got
it. But then if you don't
look at it, you're okay.
Close your eyes. I looked this up.
That is a deleted scene.
Seriously, there was a scene
where it says, only
if you look on this
without blah blah blah. There was something
in there. Well, I vote
undelete. I
needed that. I was like, close your eyes.
Okay, I mean I granted
nothing much else to do.
He can't say, break your ropes.
I don't know if it was a deleted scene, but it
was in the script. Now,
can I say,
because you haven't said it yet, maybe if they fix
it, they'll be famous.
Yeah, you can do that. I don't do that
anymore. It's positive
Rob, the microphone farter.
I'm glad to get that stuff off my chest. I wonder how many
of these kids even saw this movie about this guy
that raids a lost Ark.
You
don't have to try to impress me.
I don't need you.
I'm not one of these people that's like,
you know, I don't care. Okay, pick any religion.
Any religion.
Pick any religion.
Judaism.
Something that we were raised in.
Lutheranism.
Oh, Catholicism.
Jesus fucking Christ.
There's a finite number of religions.
Shinto.
We're at war with the Shinto's.
I hear
that they have
a magic hat.
That if you put it on,
it will
kill everybody
because their religion is real.
Because it has the power of the Shinto God.
Right, because
their religion is real. They believe in a God.
The people that we hate.
That if you put this hat on
and you look at somebody,
they'll melt and everything like that.
So they have it?
They have it because, yes, it's their religion
and we don't like them. Well, why haven't they won yet?
We've been killing them for a while.
It's lost.
Are you thinking where I'm thinking?
I'm thinking we find the thing
before they do,
put it on,
and then kill them with their own God.
Let me just back up.
The reason we don't like them
is because of their faith.
Yeah, I mean, it's gross.
I have a lot of questions about it. Ding dong.
Oh, hello.
Guys, I've started to interrupt an important meeting.
There's a very sexy archaeologist
who is...
I think he might
have the hat. Send him in.
No, no, I'm saying
the hat you're looking for, the magic Shinto hat.
I think there's a
atheist archaeologist who has your hat.
He came here? No, no, he's got the hat.
Oh, you mean you found out about him?
Okay, well, Brian, I thought you were Amazon.
No, what?
I'm waiting for a mouse.
I'm saying...
Look, you can be passive aggressive if you want.
I'm saying I think the guy...
I'm being absolutely actively aggressive, don't you, Brian?
How about this?
I'm telling you, there's an atheist
archaeologist
archaeologist that might have your magic Shinto hat.
Well, let's go...
I'm saying you guys should double your efforts.
I just snapped at you. Okay, that's right.
Thank you. I didn't understand what you meant.
I thought he was in the lobby.
Thank you, Brian.
Hey, let me take you aside. Listen, I know it's
Christmas time and I heard about your dad.
It's not traditional
to tell people a bonus
is coming, but like...
Am I Brian?
Yeah, you're right.
I want to give you your Christmas bonus
early. I'm going to have Shirley
write you a check, because it might help
your dad's radiology. This seems like a trap.
No.
We're not Nazis to each other.
The whole point is
to help.
Okay.
Or tell on you if you're gay.
Okay, well, let's unpack that.
Well, you're not gay.
Are you? Because I'll put you on a list and they'll
turn you in.
That's my job as a Nazi.
I'm gender fluid.
Ooh.
Boy.
Huh?
Sorry, I had a little Tim Allen act
right there.
Nazi style.
My third rite got kind of home-improved
down to...
I'm going to put my two-week notice in and quit,
and also I don't give a fuck about your magic hat.
Also, look,
you work for a company that thinks that hats are magic
and this whole thing is stupid.
Brian,
take a breath. You're incredibly important to me.
I won't turn you in.
I will personally recognize
behind closed doors your gender fluidity
if you never tell
anyone that I did that.
And what are you hiding? It seems like there's nothing.
Hiding my approval of you.
That's a lot.
That's me going an extra mile for you in a Nazi
empire. I'm doing...
I'm practically a chindler here.
Boss, you're so DL.
It's not even...
You're so DL.
Download?
Everybody fucking knows.
Everybody knows.
I'm download?
You're download, you weird gender
fluid Nazi?
I already quit.
Good luck out there.
How about this?
I won't tell you where the archaeologist is
with your fucking eyes.
Come on.
He's hard to look up.
Brian, get in. Will you come in?
See?
I'll give you a raise.
I'll forget what you said
about gender fluidity.
Why?
You're going to be the first gender fluid Nazi.
I never gave a shit about it.
This is that important.
You're just so hung up on your own shit.
You brought it up.
You laid that up my doorstep.
It's a fascist empire.
I have to report you or I'm guilty of silence.
How bad do you want this magic?
How important is that to you?
I'm telling you how badly.
I'm telling you I'm willing to forget
what you told me about yourself.
I'm willing to pinch the hose of honesty
just enough to extend your career
and your ascension through the fascist ranks.
That's the best gift we can give each other.
That's what we do.
This is what we do here at Nazi.
We withhold damaging information about each other.
That's a high five.
I could have told so many other people
what that was.
That's what I don't want you to do.
I'm coming clean.
I'm laying a couple of cards in the table.
Now I have the leverage.
I would like to know who this archaeologist is.
Of course you would.
I'm promising you as a Nazi.
How about this?
I would like you to be honest with me for one minute.
Then I'll tell you anything you want to know.
You've earned that.
I'm willing to pinch the hose of honesty.
Could you give us five minutes?
Yes.
Brian, what does that mean?
That was a metaphor
that you brought up and I thought
that you were being DL again.
DL? What does DL mean?
You're on the down low.
Down low?
Yes, you're on the down low.
You're being closeted.
You think I'm DL?
Everybody knows that.
You think I'm a gay Nazi?
You're the most down low.
There's such a thing as a gay Nazi.
That's the call.
Sorry.
I thought you guys were done.
I'm not saying you're a gay Nazi.
I'm just saying like,
you can be honest about the fluidity
of what's going on with you.
This isn't about magic hats.
No, we have to.
Everything is about magic hats.
Is it? Okay.
Yes, because if I find the magic hat,
I'll be a fucking gay Nazi.
I can change the system from the inside.
Just tell me you're a gay Nazi
and I'll get you the hat.
I can't get you the hat.
I can tell you where the
sexy cis male
archaeologist
who knows where the hat is.
You're going to have to fight a cis white male
fucking
archaeologist for this hat.
This is a phitom. The Americans are this close
to flipping. We'll find them.
We just got to talk to them.
Look, we all hate Shinto people.
We're on a razor's edge here.
Tell me three things about Shinto.
They believe...
It doesn't matter.
Is that a...
You just want...
Tell me three things about being gender fluid.
I know. Let me write it down.
Right?
What do you know about it?
It goes in my file.
That's what you're doing.
I'm a Nazi. That's what's important.
It's not this magic hat so you get to be
the biggest gay Nazi in the world
and feel okay about it.
Which is alright. It's okay to be a gay Nazi.
You can be the gayest Nazi.
I want to do right by...
Do you think Hermann Göring is a straight Nazi?
He's a guy...
See? Right?
Shit! Fuck! God damn it!
I was going like this.
He stole all of Gustav Klimt's art.
He stole Gustav Klimt's art.
Like...
Okay, okay.
What do you want me to...
Nobody does anything except for the microphones.
Okay. Cone of silence between you and me.
We have an alliance.
I have no horse in this race.
I was like...
We're not going to change Nazism from the outside.
Like, let's...
You be a trans Nazi. I'll be a gay Nazi.
We can't be out.
I'm not trans and fluid.
I'm sorry I got the language wrong.
Like, what are you, a trans Nazi Nazi?
Because I won't tolerate that.
I believe in freedom of speech.
Don't you dare try to refine my language.
Bitch!
Let's just keep each other's secrets.
Because otherwise we don't do each other any good dead.
I just don't see the future in our...
This relationship.
Hold on a second!
And if you listen at the door, I will fucking
convince people you're Jewish.
Sorry.
I'll tell you our future, Brian.
Our future is
we are the Nazis that deliver
the magic hat to defeat the Shinto's.
You don't...
And then after we do that,
come on, at the rap party
for World War II.
Guess what's okay now
by the ice sculpture?
Like, oh by the way,
sometimes I...
And we fucking change it.
We change shit from the inside.
We're not going to change anything from outside.
Come on, just fucking sell out with me,
make me this deal.
What?
The airplane's ready.
Fuck, they just invented it.
They invented it 42 years ago.
No, I know it. This is a special airplane.
Okay.
It's pretty special.
I got to be honest with you.
I'm not super confident that if I give you
the whereabouts of the magic hat
Shinto had,
you're going to use this for the right reasons.
Maybe the
cis white male guy should have that.
Oh yeah, you should go trust
the one Nazi down the hall
that doesn't share this
shame with you.
You didn't share shit.
We have our fucking balls by the
nut hair.
This is called a fucking
friendship you can believe in.
Nazi style. We could each destroy each other.
Now let's move up together.
I pinky Nazi swear.
I will never tell anybody
about your fluidity.
You never tell anybody I'm gay.
If you violate the pinky Nazi square,
you realize what the consequences of that are.
Fucking A, man.
Yeah.
Of course I know.
What?
That's the most sacred oath of Nazi.
Yeah, in other words,
we have a thing that you can betray.
Okay, pinky Nazi square.
Pinky Nazi square.
And you're not going to...
It's a pinky...
If I violate this shit,
if either of us violates this shit,
we're worse than a Nazi.
We sell out.
And a coward.
What's wrong with being a Nazi?
Did I...
Did I use that as a metric of madness?
Yes.
Well, look.
In my defense...
It's funny you say that.
I work for the Gestapo,
and you just admitted that you're a
self-shaming Nazi.
Brian, come on. Anyone can do that.
I work for the Gestapo.
I take off my lightweight tunic,
and underneath it is a leather jacket.
Yeah, well, I take off
my lightweight tunic,
and now I don't have to close on.
I take off...
I take off my leather jacket,
and now I'm nude.
I'm already nude, and I've been working out.
I...
I take out a bottle of baby oil,
and I start putting it on my thighs.
I fucking put...
Get the fuck out!
It's exactly what it looks like.
I'll tell the airplane it could just go.
No, Walter, get in here, Walter.
Okay.
I don't want to come in.
Walter, I don't want to come in.
Walter, get the fuck in here.
I will send you straight to fucking downtown.
Walter, if you walk away,
so help me God, I may go down,
but I will make sure you go down
six times as much.
That's what she said.
Walter, you fucking...
Walter, get in here.
You knocked and then opened the door.
You don't do that.
It defeats the purpose of the knock.
You fucking knock, knock, knock, open.
It doesn't matter.
Yeah.
Walter, you need to watch this.
Okay.
So that you are culpable.
We all have something on each other now.
I'm holding you and kissing you.
And we're making Walter watch it,
which is pretty bad,
but we are Nazis.
All right, then we do it.
We're doing it.
Are we doing it?
Do you want it done?
No, no, it's three weeks later.
Three weeks.
Jesus Christ, someone give me water.
Oh, my fucking God,
I love this job.
You know something?
You convinced me.
You wore me down.
Hold my calls.
Unhold them.
No, I said hold my calls.
Three weeks.
Oh, my God.
It's an old Nazi gay joke.
Now, Brian,
can we go see this guy?
Oh, guys, ding dong.
I have a delivery here.
I have a box.
This is a nice gift.
I would like you to open this up.
Thank you, Brian.
It looks a little bit like a hat box.
No spoilers, but it looks a little bit like a hat box.
Oh, Heil Hitler, Brian.
Three weeks.
Thank you.
What have we got in here?
Oh, Shinto hat.
Oh, my gosh.
Turn your eyes away.
Hang on.
Ghosts of my grandparents.
They're playing my ribs like a Xylophone.
Up my ass and out of my mouth.
The fucking spirits of death.
Oh, God.
The fucking Old Testament wrath of Shinto.
Oh, my God.
every nerve ending it burns with the fire of fucking evil everything I was
ever told by my unconscious is true I chose wrong I chose wrong I was fine
being gay but I shouldn't have been a nazi they're telling me that the
ghosts are saying this isn't because you were gay it's important to people to
clarify that after they see the whole world they're like what you don't hurt
anybody by being gay you hurt everyone by being a nazi
what do you think of that Spencer I was I was trying to come up with rap
lyrics I think I think a takeaway is that Shinto sounds pretty fucked up yeah
Spencer yeah Shinto thoughts what do you think thumbs up thumbs down on Shinto
they really had it all figured out with that hat huh there's really no need to
argue once you have an artifact like that from which to base a religion how do
you think that how do you think having that hat went south for the Shinto they
lost it
well fuck you guys have a hat Shinto doesn't have a hat it wasn't the
Joseph Campbell went to like a religious like convention of all the all the
world religions got together and it was in Japan I want to say Kyoto and what's
up I think I heard it fart that time I didn't I didn't you heard incorrectly I
might not have heard it incorrectly but this question is as rhetorical as you
want it to be how old are you yeah so okay what are you doing I think it's
party all right what are you doing man 49 and you're taking a mic and you're
gonna fart in it someone's gotta clean that after the show like they're like oh
I guess he you know oh now he's got I'm sorry I'm sorry
he's he has consumption that's adorable sneezing looks enough like crying and he
went with it oh he started sneezing and yeah oh look at him he's crying because
he's holding in sneezes the thing is Dan and Rob no matter who died which of you
dies first one of you is gonna be the first person to speak at the other
person I'm just gonna play the speechless card I'm gonna be like I can't
too important too amazing a guy no words like and then people be like whoa
Harmon always has words do it do it do do a little rift eulogy for each other
right now I can't believe I can't believe he's gone such an amazing guy and
then I'm just gonna pour booze on your body and stumble out of the church and
people will forgive me because that's what I do I fucking get away with it I'll
be like Jackie oh fucking like oh so grief-stricken looking I saw he's like
must be heartbroken people will be like come on he's human he's a human being
I'll be like ashes to ashes rust to rust better to burn out then fade away and
then I'll just like pull down my pants and do somersaults out of the church
it's gonna be in a church right you're not gonna have like a vegan funeral where
they where they shoot arrows made out it's funny because it's something that's
important to me that's why it's funny that's why it's funny
it's funny the one thing no it's funny the idea of vegans as like Vikings that
they have like a special funeral it is legitimately funny I give myself an A
plus I don't I've reached I've reached a point of my career where I gotta I gotta
be my own judge I can't I can't rely on other people at least of all the
targets of my aggression what do you think your eulogies okay let's say
okay Harmon you're dead you're in the box you're either in a church or not in a
church or wherever you want to be I think I want to do one of those like like one
of those it's freaky to think about it but like you know like those things where
you're in a pod you're underneath a tree yeah like those things like you know it's
like there's no they're like a biodegradable yeah and trees and flowers
grow out of you so we're standing over your your future tree my Schrab my
sapling we're standing over your your your organic man the spree painted
fluorescent orange X that marks where the tree should be coming out if there
are people that you want to speak over your your remains Brad Pitt but in order
like Brad Pitt okay Brad Pitt starts right you have you ever met Brad Pitt no
but alphabetical we'll just disguise it as alphabetical okay Brad Pitt
Catherine Zeta-Jones David Duchovny Ernest from the from the camp movies now
he's dead he's already dead so so none of your friends are family so far you
want you want famous people you never met the alphabetical thing I was gonna go
do the whole alphabet and then I really know for real like be what do you mean I'm gonna pick people yeah be real I wouldn't wish a funeral on
anybody so like who is what I'm gonna do no I'm gonna do this is what I'm gonna do
okay you're gonna plant your body in the ground with like tree seeds on your
forehead right okay what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna I'm gonna sit there and with
I'm gonna I'm not gonna say anything but I'm gonna kneel down right where the
tree is up the bush or whatever's gonna come out with a fork and knife and some
vegan salad dressing okay and I'm gonna wait for that tree to come out the damn
tree oh no in front of your mom in front of Cody in front of that's amazing
and then you and then I'm gonna get all that smart energy yeah you're gonna be
great you're gonna be so successful and happy big words yeah it's really me
you're gonna be so jazzed you know be cool to do I'm gonna gain the ability to
not return text yeah let's say you you just got you got crushed by a falling
piano tomorrow and your funeral happened that you didn't you didn't write up a
like right dick first a pitch meaning about how you want piano falls on your
dick right and that and you slowly die I'm pretty I'm pretty sure we don't need
to like invent a sudden death for me to not have met the deadline of writing up
how I should be buried let's say probably put that project off let's say
your friends and family get up there who do you expect would be first it
probably event Nicole Brown from seems like she's a you guys are pretty tight
well I just know she's a Christian person and she'd be like oh god Dan died
and I'm like you weren't joking you're saying that event gets up there first I
think I think you can guarantee she seems like I'm a person that would hope that
would be emotional but be composed she always had higher hopes for me you know
she was a Christian do you think Chevy gets in there at all or no I have a
feeling like he'll be otherwise disposed do you think Rob will get up there
and speak me look you know and I mean this is like it's a year I could stay
on the outside of this of this of this concept which where I'm like doing bits
or like but I don't think those bits will be funny because I'll be on the
outside I think was the thing to do would be to like actually think about
this but thinking about it is a little it is a little uncomfortable it's like
like I don't mean necessarily like stop I reject this let's not talk about it but
I was like like gosh I mean what's your fear of like what somebody might say it
like yellow jazzing you oh I don't I think the what I don't think I think if you
can't come up with good stuff to say about me after I'm dead like I think I
feel like I've heard the worst of it through Google Autofill like I don't
I don't I don't think Google Autofill is gonna be at my funeral you know people
will tweet that would be so good it's just like Dan Harmon Chevy Dan Harmon
bad question and people are just crying I would like to think that that that if I
can I can make it the ten years necessary that like that the only people at
my my memorial would be just people that knew me you know like wouldn't it
wouldn't be like a thing that people would comment on like I felt I felt pretty
bad for as much as you can feel bad for a memory of someone I felt a little
bad for Hugh Hefner I thought I thought it was a little awkward and sad that Hugh
Hefner lived for so long that if Hugh Hefner had died at 70 instead of 90
whatever he was that that he would have been like there would have been a 60
minutes like peace or whatever and it's like it says nothing to do with whether
or not it was right or wrong it's just like the timing of it felt so sad to me
that we were so awakened and stuff that Hugh Hefner who we don't we don't know I
mean all we know is that like Brian Wilson or you know let's put Michael
Jackson in there like I don't know it's like that people who do terrible things
people who do who who are so visible and so like are effective that then like I
don't did you know it was like the context of him dying was it was like shit
this is like like he really died at the exact wrong time are you saying that you
might agree I might I might die early just to make I may like I'll be like
sensing that the Dow Jones of die death value like this would be a perfect time
to die are you worried that you that you might you might die under a shadow of
no no no I I just what I'm saying is I don't think I think I'll be I'll be fine
I don't think that I have to worry about what the world would say about a
corpse like I will I think I could step outside and get hit by a bus but I
believe I'll make it first what the first bus cross your dick in the day
you're like what you're a grown man it's a like like I don't it's I'm pretty
sure you're the reason why this topic is happening and like you just like because
I'm you're like you know you're like a fucking kitten you know you like you ever
have a kitten and then like you you could roll up a paper ball and throw it
and the kitten will just spend 20 minutes being so freaked out by the
fucking paper ball it's like we're running sideways it's so and you're like
that's adorable the kitten thinks that the paper ball it needs to be attacked
and stuff like this is you're like hey it's me I'm gonna fart in the mic and I
didn't oh I'm flexible enough that I'm like oh that farting in the mic reminds
me of death let's talk about death and then you're like blah blah blah what
about me you haven't changed at all what a what were you trying to accomplish
when you were moving that mic in such a way you were gonna fart in the mic well
let's let's not let's not let's let him let's let him answer let's try I was
adjusting the cushion with the mic with my hand and you want people to respect
you and like you I bet those days are over with you know it'd be funny you
guys if when you died you got a service a skydiving service to put your corpse
in a parachute that has a time-lapse so it triggers itself so your corpse just
kind of like skydives just somewhere and so people are like oh it's a skydiver
oh wait he's coming into the city oh he's landing right here oh well he's not
getting out from under his parachute oh is he okay we got to help him he's dead
oh no he's dead what happened and it's fuckers this was my plan all along like
in the into the Super Bowl like you would yeah it would be amazing it would be so
good it would take so long to figure out if you could have a parachute
canopy that like had like like like you're a corpse you're in the thing yeah
and you're going down and it's the Super Bowl or it's there the you know the
champions like like the soccer or the soccer or the football winners thingies
then and but a big game and you just the big but you have like servos and shit
the fly you at right dead guy lands right yeah yeah on the 50 yard line he's so
good I guess but that's I mean I I guess I I suggested that and then I take it
back like I think the parachute thing's amazing but then if you're like oh my
final act is I want to I want to disrupt the like the Super Bowl like then it's
like no wonder you're a corpse like anyway it wouldn't it wouldn't be it
wouldn't be disrupting any but it would be it would be like oh you're hacking the
Super Bowl you figure it out how to ruin one astronaut that jumped jumped off
like a saddle and it was like an insane skydive didn't didn't you see that
footage or whatever yeah he jumped from the other like the atmosphere skydive
from yeah and it was a parachute like whatever here's what you do I like
Spencer's idea he just didn't go high enough okay take the corpse up high okay
super high throw it out of the ship right let it go down burns in the
atmosphere you're a falling star people can wish on you somebody can make a
wish on you but why did it have to be a call Elon you better call Elon and say
hey I got some ideas Elon hey Elon hey don't rip off my idea that was my idea
I'll sue you Elon if you steal my idea remember the time that Elon must have
sent a super cool red convertible sports car in a space and then it turned out he
was a douchebag remember that time talking about one of my best friends and
I won't like I think I saw his car recently remember that time that I was
driving my route in my very securitest route to get to get back home for the
second time and my Tesla said raising suspension based on location because I
was in a neighborhood with speed bumps and I was like I love you too Elon fucking
amazing car the man can do no wrong what does he smell like apples the ultimate
smell smells like a bushel of a South African apples just as a more American
than the apples he seemed can I be I thought you said owls he seems like an
unsupportable asshole like I well you you you you go you go you he's my best
friend can I just say that I think the Internet's mean to him and that's not to
absolve him of any of anything that anyone has against him but it's hard
when you're a weird guy in the first place it's hard to be visible yeah it's
calling that's that's again not to give him like too much credit or anything but
I don't want to create the joke I don't think the internet is being hard and I
think the stock market is being harder than because he keeps fucking I think we
could really be you know be be driving a man off the cliff because it's fun on
the internet right yeah you really want to support a system that's like oh you're
the new like car magnet and you made a completely green car and like oh you got
high with Joe Rogan like we should definitely like punish that until you
kill yourself like I mean like I don't like look I he seems like a dish canoe
until further notice until he does what he bench presses a nun like my first
rhetorical question is what does he have to do to get anyone's approval and my
second question is go fuck yourself play like who cares if he does that like I
like I'm obviously biased I am I am I am in a healthy way very toxified about the
the like I need to move into my Gandalf the white the extremely white
privileged period where I'm like yeah I gotta get over my approval addiction so
that's tainting my my view of everything but in a healthy way like I it makes me
all the more like fucking rabidly like human rights like oriented because I'm
like everyone should stop being fucking ashamed like everyone should stop
shaming each other that includes everything that you think you're allowed
to shame people for there shouldn't be any exceptions to that I'm tired of you
know it's like I we've all been on a big roller coaster ride and for my money
I've been like you know I started here and I fucking do but do and I kind of
like you know when I think back to the beginning of the podcast when I was like
this boner that like you know was like democracy doesn't matter and you shouldn't
vote and all this stuff like I've changed in a lot of ways and I've changed back
in a lot of ways like the one thing that's come around full circle is I'm
kind of like fuck everybody stop telling me to tie my shoes go fuck yourself like
I got to get out of here and and and I and I would never ever ever hurt a
person that that that wanted to just be who they were like I don't I don't want
anybody to feel pain you're still a boner Dan I know that's what I'm saying like
like if that's the new definition of boner I'm like good because like I spent
too much time in the deprivation tank of like thinking that that could be the
definition of a good person because it can't if you are kind of like across the
board in favor of everybody being happy sooner or later you're gonna fuck you
have to accept that that's gonna piss a good 70% of people off and if you're
not adult enough to handle 70% of people like being pissed at you then you
shouldn't be bandying about this concept of this that this supposed position you
have like like you got to nut up to pardon the expression because some
people need to that some people that don't have nuts or want nuts like you
guard nutting up and like like teaching me lessons and being like yeah you got
to fucking like it gets bad like you got to handle like like this idea that you
don't give a fuck what people think because that way you can have self-esteem
and you'll inspire people to go oh yeah etc right what do you think percentage
wise is here like you're you're you're Q rating your global Q right now there's
20 people out in the audience here they were willing to pay ten dollars on a
Monday night and I think that's that's a metric I'll use like like 20 out of like
8 billion yeah I don't say I mean I was like I'm incredibly biased but I think
like in 2018 I think that fame is a really really like it's it's a dangerous
thing I think that if you have no money and you can become famous like that's a
smart parkour move you could like jump from from zero fame and zero money up
to fame and zero money and then with the right twisting and the right
circumstances you could leap from fame and no money to some money and then my
advice is grab that money hang on to that and don't fucking use too much fame
as your parkour point because visibility means you're you're like hanging out
there and it's fun right now I'm not I'm trying I'm not I'm not I don't want to be
like like Aaron Sorkin and you know like my predecessors and be like this
internet the fuck you I'm saying as a 45 year old dude like spent like 30 years
being like hey look at me look at me look at me and I want to spend my life
online and I want everybody to know what's going on with me and no no no harm
can come of that if I just commit to that and all this stuff I'm just saying
like like we've arrived at a world where like there's so much fame to go around
and it's it's so like it's like kind of like helium or some gas that just sort of
like you could become you can be famous for 30 minutes you can be famous for
20 years you can be you can be this famous that famous it's just like like
it but it all has one thing in common which is that it's like it's like it's
like the ratio of safety that it provides to risk that it creates has gone
way into if I was your broker and I was like don't buy fame like sell sell
because it'll make you it could destroy you more than it could help is there a
ratio for you that like that like if you could achieve a certain amount of wealth
that you could retire on divided by or multiplied by the love of strangers like
like how important is it's not fame for you I don't I don't think you ever wanted
fame no I didn't want fame because I was like I I did I was like I was like
there's no question about it that like I'm not I'm not a victim of anything like
I absolutely engineered every day of my life I was like how can I be visible how
can I make people know my name like I branded myself I am every bit responsible
for like every fucking ounce I put nothing but energy into the idea of
people knowing who I am knowing what I am I I will even go so far as to say like
I even like added in these elements of like oh he's drunk and he's cantankerous
and he's like oh he's a torture genius and like I I wish that I could have
controlled it every fucking micro bit of it but it's all ingredients that I aimed
at a cauldron and set at a temperature that I was like called fame or called
called called attention or obsolescence insurance called called you can't if I'm
if I'm a showrunner on an NBC sitcom you can't fire me quietly called like you
can't like you I'm Colonel Sanders so whether you like me or not my head's on
a bucket and like like and like like that's called tenure that's as close as
we get it's it's like oh you can't just here's something Colonel Sanders wasn't
a Colonel yeah and I'm not the whatever the fuck we thought I was I am a guy
that was like hey look at me which is which is anybody that's like into me is
like yeah that's why I like you you're not you've never pretended to be higher
than us but when you when you said that you wanted you want your name to be
indelible and like you want to be everlasting like in that way like no
matter whether they liked you or not you're not for legacy just for tenure
for job security but so it's job security but it's like like dick wolf
like where's dick wolf dick wolf is here tonight we don't know oh yeah we should
we did dick wolf we don't is he alive is he dead is he in a admiral pike like
thing like dick wolf like he's got 900 TV shows his name's dick wolf like you can
like Tom Clancy yeah Tom stand up Tom Clancy like like what is that what you
want yes yes yes you want to be and could I also have a different name other
than the thing like can I can I so that I can stop when I when I get on Google can
I stop being reminded that is it important to you and these are questions
that I probably maybe knows the answer because I've known you for a long time
maybe not maybe maybe we never talk about it is it important to you that to
walk in the street and feel love or just attempt or our tension I think that
might have been important to me at 32 I that no it's not it's not important
anymore I've gotten I've I've gotten so much of that drink like I love it like
it's so good it was so nourishing when you when you talk about now because you
keep repeating that fact the idea that you want to retire and go away and
disappear do you think that you've achieved what you wanted out of that yes
because because you can't be 70 and be like check the dailies did how did I do
today that's not what we want from a 70 I don't see any version of you that when
you're 70 that's not gonna still want oh I have more faith in me I mean I I don't
think you should see a version of me but I do in my therapist office and what I
looked at was so amazing about watching you talk to Norman Lear who was maybe
for me the most intimidating guest we ever had in the show because he was well
into his 80s and he was fit and spry and groovy and showed no signs of wanting
to not keep making television and stuff like that like he was just one of those
guys but like you you're saying I would like to just like retire now but I can't
see no but I retire from the from the part from the visibility thing retire
from the public from the what does that mean now how can you well I don't know
how can you I mean like stop doing your podcast stop stop doing like you know
it's like I don't do interviews I don't want you know like yeah and you said you
did you use you know like me used about talking like like not doing Highland
Town anymore which is fine with me there I can't believe it's gone on this long
but yeah it's been a good run but if you stop doing it like what would you miss
a fallout for yeah I would I'd play and I say this with like with like with love
and and with all due respect like I don't know a version of you that doesn't
want to walk out on stage and find out that 63 strangers are happy to see you
I'm sure I'm sure I would miss it but it's also like it's not unachievable like
when you stop doing it once a week is a regular thing that you you know how it's
it's you could it's Los Angeles I guess if it's still worth anything and you
really missed it you can always go like I'm gonna do I'm gonna stand on stage
next Wednesday and answer questions about writing please don't ask can I have a
job I won't be able to give you one I fucked your mama so hard I fucked her to
the north I fucked her in the mouth I fucked her to the west I fucked her and
I forget the other directions oh look there's Rob
oh he's burning up in the with his with his jetpack now wait let me ask you a
question about that the guy that did that he didn't burn up in the atmosphere
you don't think like he his live stopped him from burning like you're saying
just like yeah okay so I don't know you're saying go to that altitude jump
my corpse out and it'll burn it'll burn up yeah yeah yeah but you want to be
unconscious for that part because that sounds like a nightmare oh yeah I don't
think this is a method of euthanization I think you're already dead wait a minute
wait best suicide ever best way around an insurance policy you're like I'm an
astronaut like no one's more alive than me and they're like all right we're gonna
cover you but you bet this better not be a suicide no I'm just visiting the
atmosphere I'm gonna colonize atmosphere why is your space it looked like Batman
why does it have rice paper and fire crackers on it what why do you have
5,000 GoPros around you why did your corpse explode into happy New Year YOLO
fucking like I support the trans community they like why were there's all
this like five messages like I just thought that would be a fun way to come
back home it'd be a lot of inside jokes that we did you know listen to my
podcast so what were you gonna say sorry kid you get derailed no no no I was
trying I was trying to interject and I was interrupting okay well I was like
saying let's beat out like like how like I was going well this isn't gonna be
very is gonna be expensive because like there's just be shut because people are
dying every second sorry kids that there's just be hauling like payloads of
corpses up and throwing them at the earth oh yeah we're not suggest well what
I'm suggesting that everyone do this maybe it would be easier is if we shot
them up in a cannon right and then they fell down but they so we would have to
really pay so just be shooting dead people up into the sky to fall down and
then you could control it like okay friends and family do your funeral
service we've got it locked and we're aiming for right Portland right like you
should more you pay the more more precise the aiming gets right if you're a
death row inmate we're just like I don't know we shot them up what about if a
government that like like ours like in like several countries that can afford
a space program if your government approval rating goes under like 30%
everybody gets shot up into space and we all get to watch them and then the
night sky just to send like like like meteorites we have a regular purge of
Congress like we set we send them up every two years we send all of the
government up to a summit where we're like good luck better come back down
with a functional budget yes we'd love to bring you back down we'd love to be
able to afford to bring you back down alive time to earn that fucking lifestyle
or you're like get to wear your little outfits and like be a lawmaker and you
don't get parking tickets and they all go up like okay and they radio down to us
we're working on it yeah not good enough midnight's coming yeah and then I'm
like oh here we go they put it and everyone like it's a win-win for the
people because you're just like look look it's a new beginning it's raining
sparkle people hallelujah I mean they were probably all 85 like otherwise how
did they end up lawmakers right so they're like just like it's like oh my
god they lived longer than the poor poor people that they are legislating you know
like they were just like oh they sparkly now they would want to live it's like a
Logan's run but like healthy you know it's not like you get killed at 30 you
know it's like 85 and your your atoms get scattered into the universe and you
you know like the iron in your blood like like or the amino acids might like
start a new civilization somewhere yeah oh oh or they get or they get totally
disintegrated space works I want to believe what you're pitching here if I
go up to a space station and they just drop me out of the space it's possible
my I'll start a new well I mean species I mean the atoms in your body won't
disappear the law of conservation of energy and stuff like you'll still
those atoms and things will still exist and be dispersed somewhere yeah we will
that goes for us too you know you don't have to die in space yeah but it's more
fun because it might go somewhere cool but that's the part where again you're
getting out here you're like I feel like you're mixing this like we all breathe
Julius Caesar every four breaths or whatever you know that stuff where it's
like oh every every every breath every breath has like one atom of Julius
Caesar in it or whatever and you're mixing that with this idea of putting
the senators they're all gonna fall back to earth and they're just dying there's
gonna be like they're gonna become a rock in Florida that will be ignominious I
just think we should take people that actually want to be they're like I got
an idea what if I told everybody what to do hey I think that's a great idea I
think here's the rules and we should like make them brutal you know speaking
of rules why don't we play some D&D for once in a while you want to play some
D&D you got the good Spencer we need leavey right yeah let's bring up a
leavey oh Jesus there's a thug on stage whoa whoa whoa hey whoa I didn't know
what neighborhood we moved in who's this thug eating some potatoes backstage
weren't you eating potatoes no were you eating plantains plantain oh they did
look like potatoes yeah the banana of potato plantain to the bananas of
potatoes why are you kids wear these hoods you want to look like a thug you
don't have to take it off just telling my grandmother I don't know it's cold all
right but don't you worry about the peripheral vision I find when I wear a
hood like which I haven't done since I lived in Milwaukee because it was cold
that I'm like I can't see on either side of me it's like how you train a hawk
were you having a bad hair day or like what's why the hood no I was just cold
backstage okay I like wearing a hood I like my ears covered you don't have bad
hair day your hair seems very consistent yeah you're like oh yeah my Cody said
this about me so I'm shit rolls downhill you're like a Lego okay I love
Lego Steve has had bad hair days yeah you're like you're like a piece of Danish plastic oh right cuz
Schrab did the Legos Cody had a right she started calling me a Lego cuz I got my
last haircut it was like nice and clean back here and she showed I was like come
on she just doesn't she's just looking at the nape of my neck and she's not like
it's a haircut but then she showed me a photo of the back of a Lego and it was
like I see what she's doing and then I you ever are you ever been so in love
that you're like you like you like being teased like you like you're like I like
it when she calls me a Lego never have you ever had a love that deep you fucking
married fuck did we lose Jeff's character sheet that's the one that holds the
character sheets does that mean we lost Jeff's character sheet now he's got it
well then everything's going according to plan sorry what what was the
confusion never mind there was an extra folder that we didn't know yeah yeah and
Rob folder that holds the folder and Garry Shandling's folder is not clearly
marked so we didn't know which is it's clearly marked is the one that's not
marked anybody playing this spider-man game this new spider-man game oh yeah I
haven't played it yet is it only a platform it's not on steam no steam PS4
I heard it's good you know it's not like if you were gonna track detract it that
it would be like oh it's a it's a Arkham City but spider-man but that's not that's
that's good like that's also Batman it's it's also a shadow shadow of
Mortar I fucking love it's like it's like yeah it's like game engine where it's
like hold this button down and you can see shit like but when that there was a
one spider-man game it's like that's all I've ever wanted is like yeah give me
some Grand Theft Auto but I'm spider-man which is like yeah that's all I
that's all anybody's ever want I want to sling some some webs I'm bringing back
sexy friends we got David Accompany and that could be big hey hey I have a
question for Rob Schrab and Steve Levy and Dan Harmon and what's your name
Spencer Crittenden yeah we can do that seems like an edit point yeah kind of feels
like it would you guys like to play some totally uneditable D&D yeah man I did
enjoy all those ads we just heard well what happened last time you guys you
found the bluest apron ever the other is capable of conjuring great meals that
you prepare you want to expand your investment portfolio but you don't want
to do it not on your cell phone zap to it recruit it is here to be a reverse
LinkedIn for you oh man okay so no you guys left the town you got reassigned
you were reassigned from the town you were looking for patches just on your
own time and you got reassigned you got sent on your way to this new place where
shit was going down it was a mining town and the mining town was like going on
strike you were there to like investigate clear up the log jams you
know as you are want to do and on your way there was demons oh boy well I guess
it was there was cults you found a cult you found a different cult you help the
different cults summon a demon the demon was summoned and you continued to help
some of the demon and then you kind of find at the demon a little bit in effect
Julie the demon was strong maybe even very incredibly strong but that's the
situation you found yourself to wait didn't leave it makes you think like what
if the reason the world is the way it is right now is because God is dungeon
master and he's given up and he's just like you guys are in a cave tell me what
you want to tell you we want to sneak and he's like yeah to what's your agility
and we're like we don't know he's like fuck you cut call me when you can keep a
planet hey Carlos why don't you put a sock in it because I'll tell you I'll
tell you who hasn't given up oh shit given up Chad the fire liker before hey
look you know I hated it I know what I'm not wanted I got to go back home I
gotta let my dog out this is bullshit you guys were all talking shit about me I
can never do anything right fuck off take this and this and you keep these
stupid things goodbye stay stay stay oh my god I love that he's pretending his
character is leaving stay my character is saying stay my character wants your
character to not leave stay please stay I want my my character is nicer I do
what's the what's necessary what's your courage to make him stay 16 which pretty
accurate it's not bad it's not really a metaphor it's like that's exactly my
charisma but I'm a plant person right but I'm an inclusive supposed to talk to
plants I'm I can talk to anybody stay I'm with the church of the silver flame
stay what are you doing isn't there a demon about to kill us yeah
can we oh my god I I try to focus on the the the inherent peril going on right
now and I examine the surroundings what's going on around so I don't know
what Steve was doing last but Schrab walking away and leaving the circle is
like making the circle which has been distorted and messed up kind of tighten
more around the demon he's kind of half in and half out of it so it's kind of
holding him fast and he's like oh no this is bad but being like a 25 foot tall
demon he can still lash out and attack and stuff so it's not a solved problem
wait so him walking away Garry Shandling walking away that's making it harder for
the demon like yeah because Steven Robb helped summon the demon they were one
of like about the seven to eight people that stood in the summoning circle to
summon the demon so when they left their places it had an effect on the ritual is
what you're gleaning hey Gary and diarrhea junior walk away from each other
and it'll it'll make it harder for the demon to move well that's happened at
this point that has occurred all right I walk you guys think our alcoholism is
your sandbox that's what you just think you could just do whatever you want
during my blackouts well you can't I mean you can but then I will during the
next blackout hear about it and then I'll be like what the fuck do we know
about how many HP the the demon has right now it looks like it has all of it
all of it what how much of its body is through the circle about half but like a
diagonal half but mostly the upper all right whoa I'm walking away yeah that
was a mistake you didn't help summon the demons so I wasn't helping anyway so it
doesn't change it but you are you're farther away from it which is good because
it's it has a long reach you know yeah are we in combat like churn mode right
now technically technically we always are I mean whose turn is it how about
it's yours his name is Cornelius he's a he's a fire ant he he's I'm a fire
elemental kind of fair I'm a chick you're supposed to I'm Chad the fire
he's a fiery ant and and he has some of my fire elemental power well let's have
a shower for him then let's find out if you summon why are you why are you
shaming my I'm saying like it's not healthy like wait to see oh no you can
summon it's fine yeah Cornelius you were doubting my ability
nature's alley fire ants don't use real fire yeah but but because I'm a far because
I'm a fire liker he he's a fire ants right yeah he's a he's a real pain in
the butt the also like spicy food he loves yeah he he loves
far he's some people karma a fur and let's do it okay so hello Cornelius attack
all right it goes it rushes it's in a rage yeah oh boy if I know Cornelius
he's fucking in a full-on range Cornelius don't fucking play being summoned
from another plane it makes them all crazy and such there's just a plane of
ants there's a whole yeah there's a plane for every monster it's really fucked
up these planes on these planes are they like the dominant life form are these
planes like functional like the material plane or they just planes where
there's like ghost ants like like I always imagine it just being like
swirling monsters in space but it probably is something more I would have
summoned the snake from a plane but it's not they were busy all right the the
ant bites him it doesn't seem like it hurts very bad it bites him for 3d
damage 3 is fucking better than no it's it does look like it's better than no
damage by a thin margin Cornelius relocate he really he makes as to
relocate because Cornelius is a rogue ant and he likes to do sneak attacks
this guy good well he's like I go to college I use but pretend pretend to be
a cop so that my role as a kingpin can be bolstered I use my turn I summoned an
ant did 3 damage what have you done for me yeah I can't do anything you can you
get the departed rolling out here you've got like 90 moves like happening let's
that was my joke you should go I would like to wait wait what I'd like to wait
wait wait wait for what for your awesome jokes to land and hurting my
feelings now hurting your feeling why do you you're you're a fucking macho guy
with attack today well I don't the demon I think was a mistake I'm stepping back
and I'm I'm like we shouldn't have done this I don't remember doing it yeah you
didn't actually you didn't you they did it but I'll be frank and say I don't
remember not doing it sure so we should I should cop to my but you're saying that
that you're wasting a turn on not doing anything well I want to be a
participant and go like look while this is happening oh everything I can to make
sure you're saying I pass okay I got you yeah I think it would be helpful if
during this yeah it'd be helpful if the toughest guy in our group didn't do shit
during during this fight I think Rob's the toughest guy I thought you were I mean
Rob has the most you wait a shambling mounds are toughest guy well he's
stat is a monster I didn't hey Spencer hey guys
can I I'm gonna take my elvish blade and I'm going to run in a circle around
with where the cultists are and just again like slice all the cultists as I
run in a circle all right well you can only attack one at a time what to okay
let's do it we're doing it I just feel like we're we do everything wrong what
are we doing I'm just trying to be proactive I can't just sit around wait
also I partially caused this problem you summoned a demon and now it's our job
to kill this demon I would I would suppose you chopped the leg off one of
the cultists hell yeah yeah there's six more but that one he's on the ground
bleeding what if what are the real what are the other cultists doing they're
hanging out it's there they're existing within the five seconds most of this
action is taking place within ish does it help when we chop down cultists it
certainly helps you should ask that before you that always the order should
be you're describing a conscience you ask that question then then then you
chop them I did dismember this leg but was it good well is it is it is the is
the gateway closing no at this point the gateway looks as closed as it can get
around a demon you know like it's it's screwed tight um Schrab you got anything
yeah I'm like over the hill out of eye shot oh wow and I'm like walking down
I'm going after him to see I'm walking down the road like and stomping my feet
I'm going after him okay
Gary Gary that's what I'm doing with my right Gary Gary and I want I don't want
to do this anymore I don't like how you talk to people I don't want I don't hey
like let go I can't I'm not I'm not touching I'm not touching me I'm not
touching you just stop and just fucking relax for a second like I don't I'm as
bad at this as you are at what you do you don't have to talk to people like I
didn't I okay I'm sorry I don't have to talk to people I acknowledge my offense I'm
remorseful and I'm committed to change
you hurt me really bad I I I did that I feel bad about it and I won't do it
again not as strong as you well that's that that's not true that doesn't give
you permission it's not an invitation to hurt people's feelings may be
insensitive you know what you know what every day every day we go on these
adventures every day I wake up and I I hope that you won't be there oh wait no
that's I'm sorry I that's not that's not that's not friendship that's not a
friendship sorry I got that from a movie that won an Oscar that no one will
admit was given you know it's not that did not that's a bad that's bad that's
bad friendship it's bad movie yeah I look I I I'm not I'm not good at leadership
I they they sent me on a mission like I'm bad at this I I I'm like constantly
ashamed I'm like I actually I have to say when I met you like you're a
shambling mound and I was like so am I like and I was like I'm like I know I
roll my eyes sometimes at the stuff you do but like I'm glad you're here if you
left I would be like okay so what am I supposed to do tear my own skin apart so
like like I need to be a better friend to you because I need to forgive myself I
guess like I don't know man I'm bad at this I like I don't want you to leave I
don't want I want you to stay an adventure with us and I I find myself for
some reason I hug him I hug I hug I'm hugging you feels nice oh it's a
shambling mound well just no I mean like the emotionality feels good to me yeah
okay well then I'll do it yeah okay I thought it would be like a gross okay
well then I'll do it I didn't know it felt good I'll do it then I'll do it
forever is there a penalty if I do it if it feels good there's not a penalty no
I'll do it a lot yeah yeah alright I keep doing it I'm hugging you I'm hugging you
a lot I'm hugging you I love you I am you I'm connected to you like I don't want
you to be sad like I support your sadness though I don't want you to reject
your sadness like I feel what you're feeling I get it I understand I'm
crying with you right now like I don't I don't get it and I like we go on these
adventures and it feels like five minutes to the next I don't remember what
I was doing like I'm always like constantly being like I feel like I'm
being told like I'm like waking up and going why is there a dead kid in front
of me like what did we do I went we burned that house down it feels like I'm
stumbling through life trying to figure something out I feel like a poser like I
like I'm like oh I should be good at D&D and I'm not like I it's most important
to me that you stick around I don't have any friend I good you that's wrong on
one count buddy you got you got one friend you got one friend I believe you
don't have any others like I definitely get that but you got you got one friend
who is a shambling fucking mound of friendship that's not I'm looking at
this way you can't if you can't get fired from this way like you you got you
got job security my friendship is you can't I like I like that you're honest
I like that you feel things I it makes me want to be respectful to you you make
me want to be a better non-shambling mound I would like to come back I don't
have anywhere to go yeah I mean either I don't want to go I don't want to go back
to the church like I want to that wasn't even my house when I knew you were like
squatting I mean it was like a bruise yeah I mean there yeah I look I'm down
with I'm what do you mean you don't want to go back to the church we work for the
church I are you here yeah we work for the church there can presumably the fight
ended and he's either alive or dead as a result I mean I mean I'm asking a load
of question we work for the church of the silver flame but are you saying that
you're not beholden to go back to the church okay yeah Chad you know what yeah
I'm like not digging the church vibe like I believe in the silver flame but
the church yeah like I don't get there higher did you just give the church of
the flame with thumbs down fart sound is that gonna be a product do it again do
it again are you giving my thumbs down on thumbs down I know I'm second thing
that emotion Chad I just finished telling the shambling motherfucker that I
love you him and I love you too you got I love you I love you where's the fuck
and wait is that are you giving our friendship the thumbs down because let's
go find that weird brony kid that like is obsessed with horses and and it's
ironically the one that keeps getting us in huge amounts of trouble just random
fucking DJ like DJ get over here we're all talking shit about the church of
silver flame and I mean we believe in a silver flame but the religious part of
it is kind of getting us down what am I there Spence well okay so you're you're
fighting the demon right I guess yeah well like you witness a cavalry arrive
and it's it's you know them as the fourth cavalry of the church militant
it's a faction of the the members of the church who saved people from evil
demons and they actually just kind of make quick work of the cult and the
demons because they're highly trained this is exactly what they do and then
they just kind of high five you and they give you stuff and then they send you on
your way so they're like then you catch then you catch back up so they're like
silver-flamed swat hey Gary play play a cool you know time and a place let's
change let's change the Nazis from the inside let's make an agreement okay can
we all I wasn't supposed to be leading either that was just what was gonna
happen oh yeah we trust you not to create weird
princes in the pee situations that guide us but can we all kind of a lot of
can the four of us get together and have a little huddle DJ we came up with a
new handshake go quit what's the new handshake with your thumbs down and you
make a fart noise that's in and of itself
till all our wall handshake
well DJ's back there good journey no we're all together all together now we're
all DJ that all happened in the past while you guys were were hashing it out
with with with Rob and then then he just caught up to damage what we all agree
right now that we're all together now but it's for us it's not for the it's
not for the church it's for what we believe in yeah and I know that that's
it's a less powerful conviction given that really it's not the church's fault
that we're constantly drunk and forgetting everything we did but I do
think it's like you can do the right things for the wrong reasons like I
think that we we were doing the wrong things for the right reasons we will
we've been trying to be good soldiers and like for the church and stuff and
it's not a job we're cut out for no I feel like this is my hope and maybe this
is unhealthy thinking if we start doing adventures that that are based on our
own agenda that we might remember him better and we won't fuck him up hey uh hey
Cornelius he disappeared like a minute ago he can't summon an aunt that'll then
just hang out sorry I don't mean to I I've never summoned in that before and I
look am I a bad person no it's sad that you thought it was like a teddy bear
I think it's not it's a crime you would gladly watch dive is he alive is he dead it's a
soldier that you would have watched fight for you and he killed you and then
you're like hey can I ask you a question like it's Jen Hirsch on taxi it's like
well pick a lane I summon a person whose opinion I value to fight a troll well
if we're relinquishing our allegiance to the church keep your voice down should
we should we call the new group name like like horse friends or super squad or
something here's my vote I don't think the church gives that much of a fuck
about us they have no reason to care I don't think we need to say to them hey
I will declare my independence they'll stamp us out like but what we can do is
decide that we're not we're not working for them anymore the silver flame didn't
say make this church and have this church be in charge of me the silver flame
is a real thing does it actually talk yeah I believe it does it I believe in
the myth of the silver flame and I'm using the word myth in the cambillian
phrase and Campbell is the thing I'll tell you about later or but but like it's
I believe the story I believe the silver flame is real like I you can well while
Carlos is talking because I think this is gonna go somewhere pretty big and
important for yeah for where we're headed do I have it a second level spell
in me so sure I cast Al's wisdom which gives you who's Al Al from happy it gives
you a plus four on wisdom right now yeah that could be good yeah so yeah I do not
pollute like that's a reference to okay so I then I continue babbling and I it
sounds wiser yeah way wise like I'm saying like look it doesn't I mean if
this the silver flame is real the allegiance with the church like I
don't know man like I think they sent us out here on what we call a fuck run
fucking out Al's wisdom making it up working right man there's no such phrase
but but well you didn't cast no articulation I'm saying it's working
you like we were in a fucking fuck run yeah the truth is the reason why I
joined the church was was personal and I like it had to do with the purific
ation and that the silver flame represents the idea that there is an
empirical difference between good and bad and that and pure and impure and that
it's not it's not based on like people's subjective opinions that there is a
truth out there an ideal that we should strive for and God bless the church but
like I don't I don't think you can organize something to that to the level
that our church has organized us and and and and be without corruption of that
thing and I'm not even saying that's why we should quit it I'm saying actually
honestly I'm an alcoholic and like I'm a I'm a bad cleric like they got they had
me in the library and like they strategically like designed it so that
it was a certain distance from the break room they knew they knew about my drink
so what's your what do you what's your pitch I'm saying they let me out they
sent me on an adventure they knew I was gonna get drunk and they didn't care so
that means they didn't care if we lived or died I'm saying to you guys as a
person with a Swiss cheese brain who can't I can't I'm from one moment to
the next I can't remember what we were doing like it's a bad like I think we
should we should be renegades it would suit us better so we shouldn't go to the
mining town well we should have the mining town come to us I guess there's
really nothing we can accomplish if we continue to not be able to remember what
we did from one moment to the next that's a good point whoa maybe we should
try to be oh it's a sunflower I left the coal oh I'm just
sorry no I don't exist all right okay must be nice sorry there was a spiritual
track what you're saying is simplify simplify and and and maybe play once a
week I did I well yeah if maybe if we I don't know man I'm yeah I don't know I
mean I know that I'm worried here's I'm worried that I don't remember that we
summoned a demon like I felt like that was like a warning sign like when you
wake up and you're like like oh it was summoned a demon and the like like I
don't know when we did like I honestly I also as look you guys know that I'm a
gnome druid and you also know that I have improv gigs that come up once in a
while so I look I can't I can't always be here to cast Al's wisdom on people and
seven ants like I said sometimes I have to go do like sing dick jokes like in
Rochester New York do you guys remember Barony Mack whatever happened to that
guy he's not here don't don't remember him don't didn't remember he was a gnome
don't remember he had tour dates don't remember a lot what happened to whatever
I remember one thing was here on Monday where's Camille don't remember what
happened to him all right let's you're saying let's let's keep it simple I'm
trying to just go with the yeah I'm going what are we doing we summoned a
demon no that we didn't these no no the asshole but are we gonna continue to
like obviously we're doing this wrong I feel like I've said this before but I
don't I want to be I want to be productive about it and go guys we're
doing this wrong yes yeah so wait what are you running around in the circle and
you're cutting people's legs I look I you're like the talented mr. Ripley you're
like it's like I'm trying to I'm trying to live up to your greatness you rescued
me from a little town I don't know what I'm doing I'm terrified I just have to
fucking guys leg off I've never done that before you guys really want me to you
want me to rise up to the leadership role yes let's you are still have a plus
four and wisdom right bad pitch yeah walk away let's start a potato farm not
kidding bad pitch but not kidding like just throwing it out let's go let's start
correct we between the four of us like what are we doing I could grow potatoes
I know how to I know I know how to make those lines in the dirt and I'm as a
fire elemental master I can like roast them I can bake them I can do whatever
you want I can cook a potato let's try it that's my pitch okay beat it or match
it yeah what's the worst case scenario somebody some some evil weirdos come
try to steal our potatoes look how long we spent getting passions gem what was
passions response you know you guys are gross you know he's gone you know what
the first thing we need to do is we get like like a painter to paint our portrait
and and put out calendars of our potato farm business that's the first thing we
should do I know a guy who paints really good likenesses and we'll just get like
you know a group shot painted and then we'll just put like a bunch of months
after it okay yeah I fucking I love this look look it's it's it's it's I never
even thought about this yeah just the idea of putting something in the earth
and growing a potato and having something to eat at the end of the day we're
not fighting lighting people's houses on fire we're bad at what we're trying to
do yeah we're bad at let's just fucking become like just a chittering potato
we might be good at growing potatoes and if there's some like I mean like in my
mind that there's some fan that wants to create calendar art for us well yeah
yeah yeah we're gonna need a name tater celebrators tater all my only job is to
throw things out don't don't don't hate the potato celebrate I know we need a
name but do we need but boys but but boy we don't need a name before we plant
the potato see fry guys for the calendar for the calendar we got to do that
before we plant yeah you can't you can't plant potatoes until you have a name
for your calendar what direction is the is the most lateral like all the
adventure like the what you don't know the mash the mast the master potatoes the
mass mashed mashed potatoes master potatoes mash the hash bringing the
hash slinging well we're gonna go east you go east I mean I'm walking east guys
like I know I've done this before but we gotta walk away from this one all right
what yeah me well I mean do or don't no we're gonna start we're gonna fucking
take five we're gonna fucking start growing potatoes you should apologize to
that guy if you cut his leg off and then walked away if yeah I mean oh yeah
let's make sure we do everything right you little sociopath apologize to him
at least you owe him that much what where is he he's probably hasn't walked far
he died he died yeah they got killed by the church that came but they don't have
a heart in it what don't me I'm playing I don't know how your people work I'm
walking east I follow Carlos and I take on my folding shovel damn I hear I hear
the clicks of a folding shovel behind me and it's not the first time I'm like if
this is how it ends so be it no no I'm ready for potato farming oh okay my my
dad literally buried me alive I walk behind both of you and I take up my
water skin because I'm ready to start I hear the sound of a water skin I'm like
then poison me then mom hey I have a question are there a lot of trees no
okay can't do that then I'm gonna just walk can't do what I was gonna do some
kind of do we have a potato the way the way you plant potatoes never mind you
leave one out you leave a potato out and you wait till the eyes grow on it and
you know we're not we're not there yet we have to buy property we got to go to
it we got to find a town where they don't know us oh so we have we have a
quest yeah our quest to go legit to go legit yeah fuck this church to get out
of the game we're gonna start a farm start a farm start a farm we should start
a potato farm and it should be called but boys but boys but boys no wrong
answers like it's that's a placeholder it's it's no wrong answers
potatoes potatoes potatoes before potatoes
bros before it's bros before a potato potato love potatoes potatoes
potato the eyes have it the roots roots the roots roots roots root root root
hashtag root root root root root root root roody roody tooty fresh potato potato
tuba boobers I feel like I feel like you're not we're already doing this
thing wrong. We could come up with the name later. Tater skins. Tater skins. Tater skins.
Don't hate the tater. Don't hate the tater. Hate the field. Don't hate the tater till the...
We don't need to come up with a name that's not the thing that makes a potato feel. We don't have the
calendar. We're not capitalists. We don't even know if we're... First we have to walk away. We're walking.
Then we have to plant potatoes. How much gold do we all have? How much gold do we all have?
I can't do the harmony of stuff. Ten gold pieces. If that's not a sign that we should have been
potato farmers by now, I think I have five. How long have we been doing this?
Gold pieces. I have 2,000 silver pieces. We're not spud boys. Who made you
God? Hash brown tag. Odd venture gratin. No. Look, you know what? I didn't fuck. No. You know what? I don't care.
Potatoes all day. Potatoes all day. That's more like Google-y like millennial. Yeah, just go lateral.
Potatoes all day. Or call it bad potatoes. That would be millennial. Bad potatoes. People would be
be like, what bad potatoes?
Potato sluts.
And they'd be like, you're talking about it.
What?
Potato sluts.
OK.
It challenges people.
Potato sluts.
It's like, yeah, we're sex positive.
There's going to be lines in front of our potatoes,
and people are going to be taking pictures of us
for no reason.
If Jezebel comes and wants to do an article,
we're like, obviously, we're not slut-shaming anybody.
We're a potato slut.
We're such sluts about potatoes.
We want you to be a potato slut.
We think you should be a potato slut.
We're taking the word back, and they'll be like, yeah,
and we'll be like, yeah, have some potatoes.
And they'll be like, these are good.
You know, we'll be fine.
Yeah, you're soaking it in.
I think we'll make it.
Spud slut.
Potato slut.
Potatoes maybe?
I don't get where we're going.
I don't get potatoes maybe.
Our genuinely organic millennial pitches for potatoes maybe
is truly like, if you'd be like, hey, have you had potatoes
maybe, you'd be like, no.
And you'd already be like, I'm sure.
I want to hear the best potatoes.
I like potatoes maybe.
Also, if we call ourselves potatoes maybe,
then the moment we stop wanting to be potato farmers,
it was like, we're potatoes maybe.
Right, we get out clean.
Yeah, exactly.
But same with potato slut, I mean, that's the thing.
Like, hey, we don't fucking care.
You know what?
Look, Colonel Sanders cared.
Like, don't fucking trust us.
We're just here to fucking help you out.
It's your internet.
You know, like, hey, we're here.
Oh, shit, a purple worm.
Oh, what?
You can't do that.
That's a monster.
All right, look, I think what I'm convinced of
is we're going to come up with a great name.
Right.
I think it's great.
I think that I want to be an agriculture.
What are the chances that we could just
make a peaceful existence and demons didn't attack us?
There was no awful things on the horizon at all times.
How amazing would that be?
Yeah, our only.
I think it's possible.
You know, when we're walking down the road,
look at all these people we're passing.
They're wearing rags and they're going like this.
Like, you think they're doing it on a loop
because they're there for background.
Those are people.
Just because they don't have a quest marker above their head
doesn't mean that they're not living, breathing people.
They're like, they're hoeing potatoes and shit.
Let's try to be one of them.
Maybe.
Cliff Hanger.
Thank you for coming to Harmontown, everybody.
Will they make potatoes?
Will they still have to save the world from evil?
Let's give it up for Steve Levy, everybody.
The one and only Rob Schrab.
Spencer Crittenden, you dang, gang master.
I'm Jeff, your com total.
Your mayor is Dan Harmon.
Thank you so much for coming.
Thank you to our loyal England friends from Sheffield
for coming.
Thank you, Chris, for coming.
Drive fast, take chances, everybody.
Have a good one, Steve.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.